//People
What is a halloween costume that would scare VR player?
The worst costume you could wear to a halloween party
Who is the most powerful videogame character you can think of?
If there was a brawl between all Marvel heroes, who would come out on top?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Who is VR player's favorite music artist?
If VR player could meet one person in real life, who do you think it would be?
Who is the goverment hiding in Area 51?
What superhero does VR player most remind you of?
If you could bring back to life any dead public figure, who would it be?
What public figure has had way too much attention lately?
Who would you like to see be the next Funko Pop design?
If you could have one superpower for a day, what would it be?
What famous person would you call when you need a good laugh?
What famous person would you call if you needed help getting out of a sticky situation?
What famous person would you least like to be stuck in an elevator with?
What famous person is known for their wild hairstyles and outrageous fashion choices?
What famous person has a face only a mother could love?
You know it's a party when this person shows up
What movie villain could you totally beat in a fight?
Who's the last person you'd want to be in a cage fight with?
//Occupations
What occupation did you always dream of being when growing up?
What career would VR player be the absolute worst at?
What is the best career for someone who loves sleeping and eating?
What's a job you couldn't be paid enough to do?
A job that makes way more money than it should
Name an occupation you really hope your kid doesn't go into
What was your first job?
//Actions
What is your favorite thing to do when relaxing after a long day?
What's one thing you look forward to doing every day?
What is your favorite activity to do in the winter?
What's the most annoying thing little kids do?
What is a horrible idea for a first date?
The worst house chore to be assigned
Name something you did yesterday
What is something you can do in 5 minutes or less?
What was your favorite activity as a child?
What is a skill or talent you wish you could learn?
What is something on your bucket list that you want to do some day?
The best game to play at parties
What was your favorite activity during recess?
What's something not everyone knows you're good at?
If VR player has a secret talent, it's probably this
What would you do if you had an extra hour in the day?
What is a trend you wish people would stop doing?
//Sports
What sport requires the least amount of skill?
What sport could you totally beat VR player in?
What is your favorite summer activity?
What is the last sport you played?